4head so shiny it gleams like chrome
mm-hmm
hey there all you sixties how you doing
you're doing good whoo it's been a while
since I've said that phrase now we all
know equestrians say some things and
they might not always be the most smart
achill things kind of like that sentence
but yeah
these are some of the things I've heard
equestrian say or that other people have
said they heard
whoa girl look at that booty ain't
shining I look at da booty oh my gosh
look at her attack it doesn't even match
my horse is faster than yours my horse
can jump higher than yours my horse is
there in yours actually no cuz my horse
poops rainbow so yeah how about them
apples yeah I'm a horse trainer
so what from 12 you're ugly oh my god
where is your helmet
hashtag mind melon how about my drone
ruthless over under over under look look
turn go go
it doesn't have horse they have thick
skin I hate people tell me that
horseback riding isn't a sport like it
burns my butt oh I have 16 horses three
donkeys and our packet and a parakeet
how many animals to give half my horse
and I we have like an unbreakable bond
you would never hurt me ever Western
Ryan is better that mean was riders hurt
their horses English riding is better
Western riders hurt their horses I'm new
to horses
what's the best color of horse to get
for a beginner oh no he's not biting
that's just how he gives kisses you know
like with his teeth but you're not
biting I swear Oh
attack is so expensive you don't scare
me
I ride a mare so uh penny Hill down eyes
up okay haha you're wearing spurs on
your boots you're a horrible person
you've used that bit on your horse you
should be of jail oh my gosh and you
tapped your lazy horse on the boat with
a crop to eat it to go forward hope you
enjoy the fire pit of hell because
that's where you'll be going though I'm
looking for a dead
broke sound been there done that through
your old paper gelding for under $500
where can I find mine in your dreams
that's where you can find one no such
thing exists for under $500 so that was
some things I've heard equestrians say
in the horse world hope you guys enjoyed
the video rate comment and click the
subscribe button if you have it already
if you haven't checked out my other
videos click this link right here horse
riding dares and then check out some of
my other videos if you want leave a
comment down below of what video I
should do next
see you later alligator